[Music]
because
stop
it's
happiness is just
[Music]
yes how about it lovely love with you
are you bit
you alright nice alive oh oh yeah no
survivor none I wish I could be on
or something I think he and I the shop
is here a bit there myself but anyway
crane what in sure I could want to all
night I really the only thing I would
say is the foot workmen for me was just
slightly labored but tiny tiny tiny tiny
Chinese beer Bicky again yeah we go
Arvind okay Alicia I only want
perfection from you and for me that
wasn't I think you're lazy legs your
knees your footwork
I watched Matthew very very closely and
the remotest when you should go through
the stretching before the flex and you
don't
that one from you perfection well yeah
al n if you have learned Latin American
as a child you'd have been one of the
professionals on this show tonight yes I
could not say for a celebrity I could
not see anything wrong with each other
yes what did you do do suicide as a
child yes yes I would like a guy but now
you got it and I think she could be the
Beyonce of Europe I do I do
brunette Beyonce all right but for me is
more like a young Josephine Baker
running a fantastic exactly season and
somebody's excitement is fun and you've
got that and everybody loved it for
Kraig Revel Horwood nine
[Applause]
then Goodman dunno Tonioli give you a
total sort 74 out of 84 both dancers